Dax, fix your headphones. Hey, hey, Dax, Dax. Oh shit, have you been here for a while?
Is this not working again? Goddamn it. Oh, there we go. I can hear it. I'm going to
turn to you for a while. How long? About two minutes. I only been recording for a few
seconds, but I just sat and talked to you while you couldn't hear me. It was fun. It was fun
to watch you just in your element like you didn't know I was watching. You're just like
surfing the web or whatever you're doing. No, I got these working finally. Oh, did you?
Is that what that was? That was the one. That was the one working. That was me not working.
But they were working. Oh, so much to talk about. Let's start. Oh, you go first. Well,
the most immediate thing is I woke up, I usually wake up at seven and I woke up at five
thirty today. And it was because like around five o'clock, I was like, I kind of woke up
a little bit and I was like, it kind of smells like poop. And I was like, Oh, no, I'm probably
like just imagining it. And I can sleep through anything. So I was like, Liz really needs to
get that checked out. I actually was like, maybe it, you know, was one of us. And then
Liz was like, like twice a minute later, she woke up and she was like, it smells like
poop. And I was like, God damn it. If we both know that it must be real. And we opened
the, she pulled out her phone and she looked on the camera because we have a camera. And
so Zuko sleeps in my office, which is this room. Yeah. And we have a camera in the back
corner there. And he was just sleeping nicely and we couldn't really see anything. They were
like, okay, are we imagining it? Then she likes scroll back to the history. And then you can
see him might get up and just take a shit in front of the door. So in front of the, like
front door or in front of your bedroom door? No, my, my office is closed while he sleeps
in here. Oh, he's, he's locked in there. Gotcha. And then he like pooper in front of the door.
And he does this thing where he like spreads it around. It's like this weird thing where
he like, I think he doesn't want to get in trouble. So he tries to like do something.
Hide it. Yeah. But like it makes everything worse. It's always this weird pattern where
it's like the mound. And there's like surrounded by like streaks of like, I don't even know
how to explain it. Like it's like coming out from the mound, but like all around it perfectly.
So I feel like he goes here and draws a line from the center out like all around it for
some reason. I don't know why he does that. He can smell it from your bedroom, huh? Yeah,
he's a big dog. And then obviously this room was just a disaster because it was closed and
there's like no ventilation in here. Really? Like the kind of have my window. Yeah. Is it
better now? I mean, you got in the smell out? Yeah, most of it. And I mean, I, I, part of
me probably just got used to it. Burning incense sticks really helps with this thing. It like
really drastically fixed it. Liz is on a run right now, but she's going to go pick up
some like more heavy duty cleaning supplies. Yeah. It's going to look like you're trying
to get rid of a body or something. Yeah, I mean, it's maybe worse, maybe more difficult.
But the other thing is his like poops haven't been super solid lately. Like, oh, no, it wasn't
like, yeah, if it was a solid poop would actually, to be honest, like a solid dog poop is crazy
to clean. It's like a little like spudge leftover. It's fine. Sounds super easy. Yeah, no, this
was definitely somewhere in the middle on that on that spectrum of tools. When I said we had
a lot to talk about this was not on my punch list of things. But that is, I know how that
can take up a day. I mean, it can just kind of like dominate your thoughts for a day when
you have to be able to something like that first thing. I mean, we very explicitly got
him because we were like, let's like work up to having a kid. And this was like a little
simulation of like having to wake up randomly and dealing with. Yeah. I don't think I've
ever had to deal with anything that bad with my two children. So I mean, not like feces
all over the floor and spread around. But I imagine there's like a lot of poop getting
in places. And I can remember times like the blowouts where it just like the diaper wasn't
big enough and it just shoots up the back. That stuff's really gross. You kind of forget
about though. It's funny. No, you used to it. Yeah. You think like this is the worst experience
of my life and I'll never forget it. And then like a few years later, I don't know, they're
cute. I mean, you just kind of get over it. My friend has a story where in the middle
of night, half asleep, he liked like right at the beginning with his first kid. So he
didn't know like all the little tricks. He lifted her up like this in front of to like
hold her in front of him. Oh, and she peed directly into his mouth. Oh, that's a tale
as old as time. You've seen that in the movies, even like they hold up the baby and it just
pees on their face. But in the mouth, that's that's tough. Never hold. Never hold. Yeah.
Yeah. That was my morning. Well, that sounds like a fun morning. It does not sound like
a fun morning. Actually woke up like an hour and a half earlier than normal. Okay. Sounds
like that. Well, you're just like an hour and a half early. Is that what you said? Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah. I woke up. I normally wake up like five 30 and I was up at four just like
bright eyed could not sleep anymore. So I got up. Are you excited about something? No, that's
the thing like normally like if I have our time sleeping, it's because of the thing I'm
ready to work on. I wouldn't say I'm going to particularly like I'm excited about each
individual thing I'm working on now. Like I'm excited generally about my work, but I'm
not like there's not a thing that's like going to get me out of bed. So it's kind of weird.
I haven't had that feeling for a bit. I don't love it because I used to sleep like six hours
a night a lot. Like I just I would prioritize time in my office working over health. And
I felt like I could do that for a while. Like I could I could do a few months of six hours
at night and be fine. But the more I've like read the science and the papers, your favorite
studies. I know that you love the studies. It's just like not good for you to not give
yourself enough sleep. So I hate doing it. But when you can't sleep, you can't sleep if
like in that moment I'm not going back to sleep. So I might as well get up. I never have ever
had that problem of like not being able to sleep. Oh, really? Like I fall asleep immediately
and I can really say is sleep forever through anything in earthquake, whatever it is interesting.
That sounds like a super power rock. Like I fall asleep fast. Yeah. Casey hates how easy
I can fall asleep because it takes her a lot of she has like worked out really hard in
a day. If she doesn't have a really good workout, then it's hard for her to fall asleep at night.
Just her mind is very active. Like a puppy. I always can fall asleep. Like if I lay down
my head on a pillow, I will fall asleep. But I've had a hard time staying asleep, especially
as I get excited about things. Yeah. Speaking of waking up, I think has reminded me of
this thing. So I think the most scared I've ever been in my life was so I was when I was
living in New York. I was asleep and I was around like five or six a.m. It was like the
loudest explosion I have ever heard. Like a super, super loud like explosion and like
the windows were rattling and I was like, Oh my God, we were hit by a bomb or like a
nuke went off. And like I think a few weeks before that, like that, I don't know if you
remember like some, some, I think it was like a chemical plant in Lebanon exploded and I
was like, Oh, I do remember that. That's like a crazy huge explosion. Right. Like I just
being completely asleep and then just waking up to that explosion ever. And I was just like
what the and then, but it didn't seem like I couldn't see anything. There was like nothing
visible. And it was just as like really weird. They call it like a bomb lightning or something.
It's like pretty rare. Whoa. But it's like this crazy, crazy loud lightning thunder situation.
But it is like the loudest. It just hit really close to you. Everyone like everyone in downtown
Manhattan had the same experience. Like it's that loud. I don't even know where it hit.
It might not even been that close to me. But it is like, like I heard Carl Armstrong going
off like yeah, wild. I've never heard of this. Terrifying to wake up to. I was like, Oh my
God, I'm going to die. Like I wake up and I see like the World Trade Center right right
from my window. Like that's where I live. And I was like, yeah. Oh my God. Like it got hit
or something like the new one. You mean? Yeah, the new one. Yeah. Just you, you pointing
out like the anytime like I learned of a new, a new thing that I feel like I should have
known, like that knowledge gap, especially like a natural phenomenon. It reminds me of
have you heard of a moon bow? No, never heard of that. So there's another kind of rainbow
that happens at night. Like in the moonlight, it's like purple and blue. And it only happens
in Hawaii. And you're going to have to look it up because I can't remember the science
behind it. It's mind boggling that there's like a specific rainbow that only can happen
in one little island in the world. But it's called a moon bow. And we discovered it we
were when we went to Maui, we were doing the drive up Holly Akala. It's the like, yeah.
That's a good time. We're driving up at night. I mean, like in the early hours in the morning
for the sun is up. And we see this what looks like a rainbow, but it's like purple and it's
it doesn't look like a round of moon. No, it's like a rent like shaped like a rainbow would
be like on the horizon. Okay. And we're like Googling like what in the world is that like
what is a rainbow at night? It's a moon bow, wild. So I think I think it's only Hawaii.
I can't believe Hawaii exists. It's just like every it just has every crazy thing possible.
Mm hmm. Like a moon bow now like it already has volcanoes as a crater like yeah, I think
doesn't Maui have like every one of the different climates or something has some crazy climate
diversity. Oh, really? The different parts of Maui experience all these different microclimates.
Yeah, I mean, I think we've talked about before, but my main memory was thinking like like on
that, that drive that you did, you could stop anywhere and just walk into the woods and
you'll come across something that would be like the main attraction somewhere else. Like
just like the most beautiful waterfall you've ever seen, but it's just like a side thing
in Maui. Yeah, we did. We talked about the road to Hana probably. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good
time. Okay, we actually have stuff to talk about. And we're just we're just like, just
we're small talking. But like there's there's things. Well, you sent me a message yesterday
about boomy. Let's talk about that because I was sad to hear. Well, maybe not sad to
hear. I want to hear your thoughts. To me and Liz were talking yesterday and we are probably
going to pivot from not probably we're definitely going to pivot from what we had been working
on. I feel like in the past year, I've learned so much about mostly myself, like like a little
bit about business, but it's like 50% about business, but I feel percent also myself. Again,
it's not anything new. Of course, as I was complaining about the other day, like every
time I go to start a company, I'm like, I've learned other lessons and then you like really
learn them again. And you're like, this time, I really understand it. But it's all stuff
that you've heard a million times before, but like I hit a threshold of like true, like
understanding with it. And a lot of that was like kind of in conflict with what boomy was.
Yeah. So I would say like some of the fundamental things, you know, again, it's like mostly Liz
working out full time. I just kind of worked on it here and there. But even with that, I
have like this interesting side by side comparison where I held his work that I was doing for
SST. And I was working, I had this work that I was doing for boomy. And the quality gap is
like insane. It's like the stuff I do for SST is so, so, so, so much better. And fundamentals
essentially, the key difference is that it was a product for myself. I built the stuff
I built for SST is for myself. Yeah. And the level of motivation I have is just like, it
just it's like, you can't even compare it. And then two, just like, I don't need to spend
a bunch of time understanding the user, of course, I have questions here and there that
I talked to people about, but yeah, fundamentally, like I know, like I really deeply understand
like what is needed and what's good, because I'm just building it for myself. Yeah. And
if you step back, choosing to not build for yourself means you're like crazy, like it's
a crazy handicap that you're just accepting. Yeah, the communication barriers, like you're
going to now have to get all that information from someone else. And that is the friction
and the lossiness of communication. And then beyond that, it's, it's a prod, like what
boom. So just for context, what boomy was originally or is right now is it's a product
for specific type of like healthcare type business. Liz used to work at companies that
were in this category stuff, but and you think that's good. And it is good, because she has
a lot of concerts, what's needed, but she no longer works at those companies. She's no
longer a user using her product every single day, right? Yep. So it's interesting because
I would say actually, most people are not users of their own product. I think most companies
build for some kind of niche. And there's no, it's like weird to expect your employees
to like somehow need the product. Yeah, right. So I don't think it's like a universal thing
everyone has to do this. But just in my personal situation, I've just seen this like crazy
gap between these two and I'm like, I'm basically saying that I'm choosing to build a business
where the product is going to be 10 times worse. And that just doesn't isn't click. Then the
second thing is, so J is, I mentioned before, J has been reading the Henry Ford book. And
there's this line in there that he mentioned. And it's just like stuck in my head for the
past two months. And I feel like I've explained so much of a lot of the challenges I've had
in general, not just at this company, but like just widely. Yeah. And he says that his
advice is if you're an inventor, go work on something everyone can use. And it's so simple.
But I'm like, that's actually clicks with me a lot. Like, I want to build something where
every single one of my friends can use it. It's not like this weird niche thing that only
some of my friends can use. Yep. And like Liz brought up in a different way where she
was like, I don't ever want to be at a party and have someone ask what we do and then have
it be this like eyes glaze over really complicated thing you can't really explain is I even though
that's boring. It's like we couldn't even explain the previous thing because it was so like in
a weird niche. Yeah, because the person you're talking to doesn't have the context just like
you don't really have the same thing as you're talking about. So it's like a proxy for like
if you can feel comfortable explaining to someone at a party, it's a good proxy for like, are
you building something that's like fairly universal? Yeah. And obviously it's a spectrum like the
most extreme end of the spectrum is like building a phone. Like that's something that everybody
in the world literally would have. But even something like SST is way broader than a lot
of stuff that I've worked at, right? Because oh, yeah, the target there is like potentially
every developer in the world. Like there's not yeah, we have to like be amazing to actually
hit that but there's a shot at every developer in the world. So I've like really learned that
this idea of focusing on a niche is not what I want to do. And the one clear mistake we
did, and this is probably the biggest lesson is everyone knows that when you get started,
you have to scope down your products to be an MVP. It's very easy to do that by scoping
down your market instead of scoping down your product. So one thing we did, we kept scoping
down like, oh, instead of like serving all of health care, we just serve like this one
specific part and then like in that we just kept slicing it down. And that's how we got
to like a theoretically simple MVP. But the reality of that is like, you just kind of
eliminate your future like you'd like don't have anywhere to go. And yeah, your product
actually doesn't even get that much simpler. Like it's so like a really complicated part.
So it's just like it's so obvious in hindsight, but it's like, yeah, yeah, we actually do
is forgot a simple product. It's a complicated product for a small group of people. So it's
kind of like the worst of both ends. Yeah, exactly. It's not the worst situation because
this isn't the type of the benefit of doing this type of thing is like the revenue per
customer is a lot bigger. So it's not like, yeah, we like did all this for like a $10
month customer, right? No, right. Yeah. So I think the decision we made was with our
existing customers, there was an opportunity to continue building what they wanted. And
we would like grow, even just like the existing customers we have, they would just start paying
like four or five times more. Yeah. But we said, okay, we're not going to chase that
because even if we do that, there's like no clear way to like get a lot bigger. Yeah.
And that's that like will be the same amount of work as anything else that has like a much
bigger opportunity. Yeah. So we have actually some ideas for the direction we want to go.
Like now that like, I'm able to find all these constraints of it has to be a product
that I'm going to use. It has to be a product that a lot of people can use, maybe not every
single person, but you know, a lot of people, they might not like it, but it could actually
make sense for them to use. So we have some some ideas in that, but those constraints
have been really helpful. So that's the next move. I was kind of going to head to is what's
next. Like, yeah, it doesn't have to be specific things you're going to work on. But like,
you're just going to sort of like find a new market new product, but generally like build
a SaaS type thing. Is that not actually sure because like, the reality is, is like Liz
can work. Liz is on this full time. Like that's like a full time. There's a lot of resources
that we can allocate just like her full time effort. So it can be anything. And we're considering
some stuff that's like a little bit weirder potential. But the thing that I mean, I can
just share what's clicking. Yeah, I didn't want to pry too hard. It's like already a pretty
vulnerable conversation. I didn't want to make you like spill it all out. But yeah, yeah.
No, so okay. So this is something that, okay, so the idea that's really clicking for us is
funny because it's not novel at all. And it's been tried a million times before, which is
just a personal finance app. There are a million, we've all tried a million. We got a really
excited to use it for the first month, and then just want to shit. And then we never like
really kept track of stuff. And we're all on the back of our head. Like, I really should
keep better track of this than we never do. So my immediate reaction is like, there was
like mint so long ago. And it took off, didn't it? Like mint did really well, got acquired,
I think, into it maybe. But then there have been like big ones since then. So it seems
like every five years, there's like a new one that is the one. What's the one that rocket
money is pretty big? I use I use rocket money, which was which was true bill. And I got acquired
by rocket mortgage and became rocket rocket money. So I would argue that like there's
acquisition potential. Yeah, but more specifically, I would say once a product acquired, I don't
think it's going to ever be better than it was. Yeah, yeah, it's worse from there. Yeah,
exactly. But even so, so I currently use rocket money. And I think I, okay, so one, this is
the reason this is a good choice is like, I'm very disorganized in a lot of parts of
my life, but this is one of the areas where I'm like, like a crazy anal person, like I'm
like, I'm like, very good about this stuff. I love money, as I've said many times before.
And I have just now what I need is actually very simple. And I've never found the right
product and rocket money is close because it happens to have some of the features that
I need and does things in the way that I need. Yeah. And honestly, genuinely, I actually
like learned some stuff from using the app. Like I've developed new habits from using
the app that are actually good. So I would say it's like, well executed. But the reality
is is there is no linear for this category. No one has done like the amazing product.
Amazing experience, right? Yeah, that's one. And I've seen that I can achieve that when
I care about the thing. Two, here's like a very classic issue that I don't know why
no one's really I haven't seen anyone try to solve this. You connect your personal finance,
you connect your bank accounts, you connect your credit card, get it all set up. What
do you see? You see a pie chart and in the pie chart, it says 30% shopping category.
Every single thing in there is all your Amazon charges. Because everything from Amazon, I
get more granular into that. So it's true. So we think that's like a nice initial hook
of just like, so we have a friend where she's also like really seems like really like crazy,
you know about this stuff. She literally downloads her Amazon order history as a CSV every month
and like manually categorizes. Wow. Yeah. So now you add the concepts of LLMs that can
just you can just say, Hey, here are like the 20 possible categories. Here's item description.
Here's item name. What category is it? It's probably going to do a pretty good job. Oh,
yeah. So just having something that lets you connect Amazon and then say, okay, pipe this
into a special you connect your Amazon account. I think you know, you could do that. So that's
what you can do. It involves like screen scraping and stuff, but gotcha, whatever. That's that's
you can, that's an obstacle you can get over, have a bunch of destination, just like Zapier,
right? Like here in my sources, I want to have an always updated Google Doc with this stuff.
And that's like a really small initial thing. And from there, we can like add more sources.
We can add more destinations. And then we can kind of build, slowly build like a full type
of thing that just just for me and Liz, like just for me and Liz, what we need to run our
household. Yeah. So that's like kind of exciting for us. There's like just the other thing that
I realize is when you have an idea, you want to be drowned by like other ideas that you
want to do on top of it, right? You have an idea where it's like, you're not really thinking
of like a hundred things you want to do. It's maybe not the right thing. Whereas with this,
we're like, Oh, we have this other problem. We have that other problem. Like there's just
so much. Yeah. Just layer stuff on top forever. Yeah. So my initial thoughts, first, I mean,
obviously, big category could be every person. I mean, that's every person, right? Every adult,
two or second, whatever I said, I don't know. So I think like when mint did this so long ago,
they had to like, they would have had to like build out all the integrations with the banks,
right? And today, there's like plaid. He's just like connected, but that's awesome. That's just
such an advantage to be able to build all the actual useful stuff on top without all the plumbing.
Do you know plaid started? They just started screen scraping also. They would just like have
a browser that would just type in your password and lock into the bank. Are you serious? They're
just like to a face effect. Then even even today, I think a lot of their integrations are so
powered that way, because they still ask for your password. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You put it in your
credentials. Yeah. Yeah. Like there's no OAuth. So they're actually just like headless browser
opening the thing. And are you serious? Yeah, it just thought it's so much more sophisticated
than that. Yeah. Well, I've seen like most of my my current bank, Mercury, they actually implemented
OAuth or some some kind of flow that it does seem like it's OAuth. And I'm like, duh, like,
obviously, this is like, why am I setting my password to plaid? Yeah. But yeah, it's yeah,
it's so much easier now than I was. And they like also do, they also like try to like clean
up the transactions and stuff. That's another thing where every single one of these apps,
you do need to override some of the auto categorizations. Yeah. But it's always like kind of annoying
to set up. And I like the idea of connecting all my stuff in one place and clean up the
transactions in one place and then piping it to wherever I need it. Like, yeah, I want to create a
view that's like all transactions, over $500, whatever for this thing. I want everything in that
view to go to a Slack channel so I can see the transactions as I come in. Maybe I want to go to
a spreadsheet. Maybe I want to do whatever. Like, there's just like a lot of things that I personally
need. So this might be way beyond what you're thinking in terms of scope. But if you got into
business stuff and could replace QuickBooks for me, that would be great. I'd give you all money.
Okay. So that we also considered that concept because that was another clear pain point I have,
like just when we've talked about before, like I've tried so many different self-employed type,
like invoicing expense tracking products. And I just keep talking about the QuickBooks,
because at least I know how it works. But yeah, with this, I actually want to see if I can get
rid of the expense tracking at least in QuickBooks. If I have everything perfectly categorized and
I can just create a view that's just transactions for my business card and then get a report
broken down by category, that's literally what just goes into your tax form. And then all I
would need is an invoicing, invoicing tracking thing, which is I can find some other minimal
invoicing product for that. Man, I hate seeing the charge every month for QuickBooks.
It's so expensive. It's so expensive and I'm just trapped. I just know I'm going to pay
it for the rest of my life. And it's just not a good product, it's just a mess. It's just so bad.
Yeah, into it, their whole, they're freaking trifecta of how it's like they own mints,
they own QuickBooks, they own TurboTax. It's the worst. Yeah, it's just the pain. But yeah,
like as we're talking, there's like a million little ideas. I'm excited. I'm excited for you guys.
It's like moving, I just love moving into a new house or just moving into a new to you house.
Like there's something about the feeling of a big change in life where you're kind of like
entering new territory. Just love it. Yeah, it's great. Plus like we've, in a lot of ways,
we've kind of been in denial for a while. Because I just don't think the product we built was very
good. And I think it took us a while to like, say it out loud. I can't, I can't say anything.
I've never seen it. So I mean, I'm not a doctor. It's a problem. There's no reason for you or
anyone else. Yeah. I mean, it's kind of interesting though, because it ended up being more of a
consultancy. Like I built like a very, very generic product. Yeah. And it doesn't really need that
much upkeep. And Liz uses it to like almost consult with these customers, like help them
do operation stuff. And she said consulting that comes with our own product. So that's nice.
And that's like a nice fallback. Like, you know, she can always kind of explore that. And she has
like a weird specialty in this area. But it's just not like a business that's going to be
giants. Yeah. That's that's like a big thing that again, I've like always shot away from being like,
I've had this weird thing where I've always like would see these giant companies and I would kind
of be like, Oh yeah, that's why I'm never going to be me. Like, who am I to do something like that?
But lately, I just really understood that you might as well shoot for something big because
it's not any harder. Like it's always hard no matter what it is. And like, you actually don't need
anything that special. Really? Like I've just seen like how stupid part like there's very level
success. Like regardless of that. So the bar is low. It just reminded me like you're kind of like
going into this maintenance mode with this app. serverless apps do really well on maintenance.
But I know in my limited experience, like I built, I built a thing in the healthcare kind of
dentist dental space. But it's like three years ago. Yeah, I think it was three years ago,
built like this app for managing it's like this big dentist office here that they have.
It's like a giant. It's nuts. But they manage all their patient. Like,
the doctor needs them now they per whatever. Yeah, hygienists is cleaning them now and they just
kind of like manage our whole whatever office workflow. So I built this app and it's all serverless
stuff. I think like since they went live with it three years ago, there's been like twice.
It's maybe like every year when daylight savings happens. There's like a dependency on some stupid
library that like their appointments disappear for two hours and then they come back. And then
I guess I've never fixed it because I think that happened again this year. Anyway, that's like
the it's it. I mean, it's I mean, it's one office. It's not like this giant deployment where there's
like bigger potential for things to go haywire. But it's pretty incredible. That was not my
experience at least early in my career. Maybe part of it's just getting later in the career,
but early in my career, I remember building these for people and it broke literally every
month and like just constantly having to take care of something. Yeah, we were actually talking
about this exact same thing yesterday because when I was first learning serverless, I built
like a calmly alternative. Oh, yeah. It's funny. Like I should just double down on that because
Cal.com came out and like became huge. Yeah. That was stupid of me. There's a few of those too.
Savvy Cal. Sorry. Yeah. But I would have made it open source, which was like the key thing.
And this new whatever thing we work on is also going to be open source as well. Just again,
just from like a people can look at it not for like any actual reason. But yeah, we were talking
about yesterday. This was when I was first first. It was my first attempt at doing anything
serverless and I did everything pretty much wrong compared to how I do it now. Despite that,
like it's still up and it works. And it's weird how that's like such a novel experience that,
wow, like this thing could just continue to exist like without like I forgot that it even existed.
Yeah. You know, and it's still fine. And the same thing that you said like prior to that,
I would need some kind of monitoring up. I would need some kind of like memory
on for something and we're like, yeah, something would kind of grow and then need to be restarted.
Like it's just there's a maintenance burden was always there. And it's crazy that I just
have forgotten about this thing. And I can still go to the URL and it works perfectly.
Yeah. Well, some might say it's future. I think it is. Yeah. I think we're past that. I don't know.
I still see people. I still see debate over it. But I mean, yeah, I have like input that I would
love to provide at some point when I've cleared it with my employer. I mean, just in terms of
serverless and scaling and costs and like, I don't know, I don't see a lot of the cons that
you would traditionally think like, oh, don't use serverless because it's really expensive
at scale or it's really whatever. Yeah, I don't think any of that has affected us.
Yeah, I'm excited for you to be able to talk about that more because I think so many,
I think the one thing that bothers me is there's kind of these like
platitudes almost that everyone says where I mean, one of the things you said like, oh,
yeah, like when you start, you use serverless. And then when you get bigger,
right, you can refund that seems like a measured smart person take like you're not saying it
sucks or saying like, Oh, yeah, I use it here. And then I don't use it there. Yeah. But like,
you're just making that up. Like, no, I don't think that's like a real thing. It just sounds
reasonable because it's like 5050 on both sides. So people are like, Oh, it's true. The reality,
I think is actually kind of unreasonable, which is no, like 95% of things never need to change.
And it's actually a weird exception that does need to maybe rework itself at some point. And
yeah, I think the stuff that you work on, there's a bunch of like narrative violations like that
where it's like, while we're doing the exact opposite of what you're saying,
makes sense at like, yeah, at this amount of traffic. So yeah, it'll be interesting to see all that.
Yeah, most people, it's like, oh, yeah, you'll switch off a serverless once you hire like a dev,
a dev ops team. It's like, why is that a requirement? When you grow, do you have to have a dev ops
team? Also, you can manage your, your clusters and stuff. Like, what if you didn't have to?
Yeah, it's because eventually you want to like get the cost down or like, it's just like generic
stuff like that where I'm like, okay, I know that you've actually never been in the position to make
that decision. Because it's just like a random thing that's just sounds like it makes sense.
Yeah, another one I hear constantly, and I talk about this a lot where whenever a company talks
about, especially like a smaller company talks about their process, like maybe they don't do
certain things, maybe they don't have like a stand up or maybe they like don't do pull request
reviews. I love what they're called PR reviews. I've been so long. I feel they're called PR reviews.
Is that right? It sounds weird to me. Okay. Yeah. You always see people being like,
oh, yeah, that works for you, but it won't work when you're at like 200 people. And I'm like,
okay, why the hell is that an assumption that you need to? Yeah, right. As you get successful,
you're also going to have 100, 200 people to illustrate to what extreme that this happens in.
This happened to the linear people. So like a couple of weeks ago, to linear has been a lot
more public about talking about how they build their company. And there's so many of these like
violations in there. Like they don't, they do a lot of things that are just so different from
other companies operate. And they posted about it. And again, you can't say anything to them because
they just crush it on the product. They're deliverable is amazing is it not questionable.
They make they make money. They make a crazy amount of money for a size they are. They're just so
successful in every dimension. They talked about their process. And of course, there was a
whole bunch of people being like, Oh, yeah, that'll work for you for now. But like, you know,
you'll see when you get so that someone from notion was like, some sales person that notion
was like, Oh, yeah, like we tried doing that. But then after a certain size, like, here's all the
reasons why it's not going to work for you. And they were just like, like fuck off. The funniest
part is the current head, the COO, the operate the deal at linear, yeah, work that notion. So
someone is like explaining. It's just like, you cannot escape this that people will always try to
tell you what's best for you. And like even someone like linear can't escape that the linear
founders can escape that like we're all screwed like people are always going to be telling us that.
Oh, that's cute. But it's not really going to work. Just yeah, it just pays in the modern age to
have some discernment and judgment to build a thing for yourself. And just yeah, just get off
Twitter. I just people, I don't know the Twitter mob that has opinions on all the things. Can I
tell you like a totally, totally ship. Is that okay? Okay. This is like privilege problems or
something. I don't know if I need to explain this. My favorite category.
So I'm building a home theater. And we had a home theater in our last house. And we spent
all of our time in there. Granted, we didn't have kids yet. But like, watch stuff all the time.
Loved our home theater. And as I go about specking out and ordering equipment and like
figuring out what this theater is going to be, last time I had like a company do it,
this time I'm just doing it because they just, they didn't do a very good job. And I just knew
when they said certain products were gonna be good, they weren't. And they wouldn't be.
Anyway, so I'm just taking matters in my own hands. It's kind of a fun hobby for me. But
I've ordered a like this 140 inch Stuart film screen, amazing, like fantastic screen that I'm
very excited about, acoustically transparent. So you put your your left and right channel
speakers behind it. Behind it. Oh, cool. Yeah. And that's what we did in our last house. It was a
drag and fly acousta weaved screen, but basically the same idea. Acoustically transparent. You put
your center and your left and right speakers behind it. And those get mounted in the wall.
So I've ordered a screen and I've ordered my LCR speakers. So my, my front speakers. Nothing
else yet. And yesterday talking with Casey, okay, this is just, it's gonna sound like a spousal
like dispute conversation. And that's, I guess that's kind of what it is. But, but it's, it's
on my mind. And I just feel like I need them. Get it out. We're talking through the theater. And
she doesn't want it to be surround sound. What is a home theater without like, oh, no,
without a brand. Oh my God. This is like driving me insane. Because I love surround sound. I love
it so much. I'm just so in the sound. And like spatial audio is such a cool thing. And you get
the atmos speakers up in the ceiling and just top. It's amazing. Like the feeling of hearing
something behind you when you're watching a movie. Yeah. In her eyes, we should have this 140 inch
screen and this amazing projector. And then maybe, I don't know, just put a sound bar
up below the screen with that work in the theater. No, well, it wouldn't because I've ordered speakers.
But also, please know, this is what's going to happen. Dax, could you convince her that it's good?
Hang on, what's her? What's her reasoning? Is it just like a complexity, a price thing?
No, no, no, she's very sensitive to sound. And I know this, but we had it theater and she loved it.
I just turned things up too loud. But if I can change, I really can. I cannot feel it. She says,
I like to feel it. And I do. I like to feel it. But I will, I'll convince myself that I don't
like to feel it. But it's got to be around me. Yeah, exactly. So you're not trying.
The thing that's amazing about surround sound isn't the loudness. It's the immersion.
Exactly. That's what you need to be loud, even if it's just like a little bit of, because I mean,
we had a, even in our pre-department, we had rear speakers and like, they would be pretty quiet,
but you would just hear like, just stuff going on there once in a while. And it made a big difference
immersion thing. So it sounds a big loud. So she cites our previous theater that the
rears were too loud and you can hear the dialogue. And I'm like, yeah, that was their problem.
They messed it up. They didn't, they didn't do a good job. I'll do a good job. But then she says,
she doesn't like surround sound. It triggered. She bothers her. Just sounds around her trigger.
Wait, so do the rear speakers go in the wall? Yes. Okay. So just put them in the wall and she
won't know they're there. I mean, you're banking on this. She doesn't listen to this podcast,
which she doesn't. But, but also that she can't hear anything behind you. Just be like, oh,
that's like real life noises. Those bullets are actually flying around outside of her house.
That's funny. Oh, that's tough, though, man. That's like, I don't know what to do. Yeah,
I don't know what to do. For me, the whole effort is not even, it's not worth it.
It's not, but I've already got this huge screen coming. We can have this giant visual,
this amazing picture and no audio. The audio is so important. It's, it's more probably a bigger
part than the visual. Yeah, it's more immersive. Yeah. She disagrees. But that's what I say.
So I don't know why I told you this. I just need you to solve this problem for me. Liz is also
sensitive to sound. And it's got worse after COVID and actually got worse for all of us, I think.
Because I think we just, I remember, I don't know if I should have this already, but
again, we loved going to the theater. Big thing me and my friends always did.
Yep. Couldn't do it during COVID. So then once the theaters opened back up,
the first movie we saw there was King Congress Godzilla, which is like the loudest movie you could
possibly go to in our next also. And we, I like couldn't stand like the last 20 minutes.
Oh, it's just too loud. It was just so, so, so loud. Well, you're not, you're not helping me
here to act. This is not helping my case. Well, here's the thing. That's just a theater thing.
That wasn't like a universal thing. Yeah. We can control the volume. We can turn it down.
That argument has not worked so far though. My point in saying this is I can be empathetic to
that because I have like seen how annoying it is. But yeah, it's not a loudness thing.
It's it's really not. It's no, it's a quality. It's a version that worries that
once they're in there, it's going to become a loudness thing. So this whole thing is about trust
at the end of the day. She says, no, you convinced me of it. And then they're here. You have all of
it set up and then you can turn it up when you want to. And I'm saying like, what if I want to
listen to it when it's loud? Maybe, maybe I still want to listen to it loud, but like just the two
of us. And then when you're here, yeah, when she's here, you just turn off the rear speakers. If that's
a problem. Oh, that's brilliant. Oh, I knew I should tell you this. You have an answer. That's the
answer. We can physically unplug them to like prove that they're not plugged. I mean, no,
because they're in the wall. That would be very hard. But they go to the receiver, right?
Oh, yeah. But she could. Okay, so she'd go. It's gonna be like in a whole another room behind the
theater. I mean, it's not that she would literally do this, but she has control over what happens.
But I could also just have like, we could just have like a stereo mode. And you're just like,
we turn on stereo mode when she's in the theater. I love it. Okay. Thank you. I think you saw my
problem. Well, I mean, if if that fly if that is a reasonable compromise for her, I think so.
Because I think it won't have any sound coming behind her. It will all be in front of her.
I couldn't even explain to her, like why a soundbar would not do justice for a visual like that.
She's like, what? You can hear it. Like you'd be able to hear the words. Who cares? I'm like,
no, it's just like, can I understand what they said? Cool. That it's good.
We, uh, me and Liz have this thing where we joke. We like have like these joke titles
for each other and for different areas of responsibilities. And I'm the master of entertainment. Oh, nice.
So I just, or it's a master of, I might, we have a few different things. I know a master of time
and that it's my job to get us to places on time. Oh, yeah, nice. She cannot do that.
Also, master of entertainment. So anything in this category, she just is like, does not. Yeah,
you got it. She checks out entirely. And I tried to deliver like a good experience for everyone.
Yeah, apparently I've broken that trust at some point. So I am not given the master of
entertainment label. Yeah, it's now, it's now a, what's it called? It's now a committee of
entertainment. Yes. It's very much a committee. I can hope that it's a committee. It may not be.
It may still be a master. I'm just not the master. Yeah, damn. That would, I can really empathize
with you in this situation, because I can really imagine like how desperate I want the best set up
and like someone saying I can't have it would just. Yeah, I have always had like a huge emphasis on
audio going back to literally my first job ever. I was a lifeguard in high school. And I used literally
all my money that summer on a car stereo, like put every dollar I earned as a lifeguard into this
car stereo. And it was incredible. Now I sound like a total nerd. I was the guy in high school that
cared about his car studio. But is that nerdy? That doesn't sound nerdy to me. I don't know.
Maybe it's not nerdy. I don't know. I was just super into sound. I'm like listening to
this is nerdy. Like James Taylor. Like super nerdy, like old people music. But I just loved
good audio. And then every computer setup, every like entertainment setup we've ever had,
we've had giant, awesome audio. And it's just hard. It's hard not to have that. And she knows
that she's using it against me. She knows that I've always invested in this. She thought I regretted
it though. She's like, think of all the times you've put all that money into audio and then like,
look, did it really pay? I'm like, yes, it did. I love to read it. She thinks I regretted,
because I one time I said that it was stupid that I put all my money into a car studio when I was
in high school. And it was stupid. I still loved it. I wouldn't do anything differently
just to be able to stupid. But you're like, I should have invested it in Apple stock.
Yeah. Now the audio makes a huge difference. And I maybe this isn't obvious, but for watching
movies, the immersion, it's like the audio will go 10 times further. Oh, for sure. You can even
have like a 1080p thing if you have good audio. I feel insane. But also like, just get a 4K thing.
Yeah. Oh, man. Projectors have come. Projectors have come so far in the last few years. Like,
we built ours like 10 years ago. And that just the amount of projector you get for the money now is
is kind of nice. I mean, with that pixel shifting thing too. Like, that's what we have in our bedroom.
I know it's not like the full 4K, but the pixel shifting 4K projectors are like a third
or fourth of the price. Yeah. And like, it's really hard to tell a difference
with that and like authentic. I mean, it just like, and we also have the the short throw. Oh, yeah.
Because we don't like for us, we got that as a good flexible setup, because this is when we're
going back to work between Miami and we're like, no matter what house we live in, there's going
to be some more. Yeah, if you don't know, you're going to have a dedicated like full length space,
then that's way more flexible. Yeah. So this like short throw 4K projector covers our whole wall.
And it like looks fantastic. And it wasn't even that expensive. And yeah, like you're never going
to get a TV that size. And I actually, before like, before we started building what is going to be
the theater, I thought like maybe we'll just put a TV in there, like get a TV big enough, like,
I don't know, to make huge TVs these days. And then then just like, I can chill and not do the whole
theater thing and like obsess over it. But then it's like that room, that wall, they're not TVs big
enough. There really aren't, you can't get a TV that like fills that wall. And it would just look
super mousey. And then the room, like you'd be so far away from it. So and then once you started
on the projector route, it's you're all in. Yeah, we did invest in like a really good TV a couple
years ago, like a really good OLED one. That was also a shocking thing, because I cannot believe
how thin TVs have gotten. Oh, yeah. Yeah, like the TV we had, it's an LG OLED, just one of the LG ones.
It's it's like too thin when we were transporting it the from from New York, the movers spent like
20 or 30 minutes wrapping it because it is like super super thin. It is like almost paper thin.
It's like thinner than your phone, like thinner than any other electronic device you have.
And I'm like, did they need to go this far? Like, is there like a benefit to go ahead?
Because I don't need to be this thing at all. Yeah, it just like some of the things they can
improve you too. It literally flexes like if you like lift it, it like bends and stuff and
I'm like, you just feel so delicate. That's the OLED specifically, right? Like they can't do that
with like an LCD. Yeah, yeah, exactly. With OLED, they can make them ship it then. And it does look
cool against the wall, but and we did do like a flush mountain, everything. So it's like right
up against the wall. But we know what we also got. We also have the the rear lighting behind the TV.
Ooh, is that nice? Yeah, it actually is really nice. It's like connected to the like it knows
what the picture showing it colors based on that's cool. Yeah, so like, so that this looks at whatever
colors at the edge of the screen and like, yeah, spills over. Yeah, especially when you're when
you're watching like a really stylized movie and like you turn off all lights, like it looks very
cool. Yeah, it's obviously a similar effect to a projector because the projector is like emitting
a lot of light and covering the whole wall anyway. But yeah, it just kind of makes it feel
bigger. Yes, I love movies. I love like the theater. I always did. In case you just so not into it,
that I find myself like carrying less about it every year. But now it's kind of been like
perked back up just putting the theater together. It's I'm remembering how much I care about movies.
Yeah, it is like a giant waste of time and like objectively she can point that out and it's like,
I guess so. Yeah, we're not really like interacting compared to what you guys not talk during movies,
like me and Liz talk constantly about the whole movie. I'm not really a big movie talker. Yeah,
I'd rather like watch the movie. I mean, okay, some like when we're at the theater,
we definitely are not talking as much as usually like no, it's bigger movies. But at home, we're like,
just talking a whole time and you can pay attention. You can like know what's going on or do you just
not care? Well, it's funny because yes. So very specifically, me and Liz love talking
through movies and that's like something that we like enjoyed doing together and we've talked
about that a lot. But yesterday, she was like, you know what, I'm going to be honest. I'm tired
of pretending that I can both talk and pay attention. So yeah, certain scenes like definitely if it's
like very critical to the plot, like I think we'll have to quiet down for. But yeah, yeah,
I have no issue with it. But yeah, I can recognize it's challenging. But we also always have subtitles
on. So like me talking is an obscuring. Yeah, I see you waiting and just I don't turn on subtitles.
But also like trying to read and have a conversation and keep up with the plot. Now I just can't do
it. Oh, really? It's very, I feel it's very, I think it feels pretty normal. I mean, I think
you're just kind of prioritizing like the relationship, the communication more than the entertainment,
which is good. Just like, well, I'm saying that's why it doesn't feel like a complete waste of time.
Yeah, no, it's a point. Okay. Yeah, that's good. But I will. So we're also kind of going through a
little bit of a shift with our movie stuff. So I think for a while now, I feel like I'd seen
every movie I wanted to see. But only because I had this weird thing where to be honest, we were,
we definitely watched good movies, but only like obviously good movies that were like
extremely mainstream, like a Christopher Nolan movie that, of course, like going to be a fantastic
movie, but also like everyone's going to see it. Yeah, like a Netflix special movie where there's
like some hiking and that girl from not like that. I don't, I don't really understand.
Like a good good movie. Like where you know, it's really going to be good. I don't even
want to talk about that. Like I can't really, I like just don't even understand the thought process
behind that. I don't either. So and then the rest of the movies we've watched are kind of like junk
food movies. We're like, you know, not necessarily good, but they're like easy to decide to watch.
Yeah. And I've had this weird mental block where I knew there was like a massive set of like
genuinely good movies that I know that once I was sorry to watch them, I would really deeply
enjoy. But as like weird mental block of like choosing those movies, we, I'd always be like,
ah, let me pick this like easier to choose movie instead. Like I know what to expect.
But we finally got over that in the last month and we've been using my friend really got into this
app, Letterbox, which is like just like the app for like movie nerdy movie people.
And it's helped to discover like, like genuinely really good movies. And we've just been watching
stuff off that. And it's like, wow, there's like a huge collection of like awesome stuff that we just
haven't seen. So we've been going through that and like watching like really good movies.
And when you think of a really good movie, you like imagine something kind of boring.
But some of these are like comedy, some of these are like really funny, like kind of really excellent
stuff. So yeah, it just feels like we have like a reawakening for
says called Letterbox. And it's just like gives you recommendations.
No, so their thing is it's not algorithmic at all. So there's not a single portion of that is
algorithmic. It's all user generated stuff. So it's just like, there's like a culture on the app.
And it's like a pretty good culture. Like it's not like so pretentious where it's just like these
weird obscure movies that you know, you have to like be a film major to understand why it's good.
But it's also like just really good stuff that I think is also pretty accessible. Like people
make these lists of like people just like think of these like interesting categories of movies.
And I'll make lists for them so you can then like explore like stuff in that category for a while.
Yeah, I've just found just really, really good stuff. It hasn't been hard to find
stuff there that I've really enjoyed. So we've just been going through that.
Okay, I'm going to check it out because we're terrible at picking movies. Yeah, we watched one
yesterday or two days ago called it's called a Banshees of Insurance or his name out of his Irish
town and in the take place in the 1920s in Ireland. But it was so brilliant because the premise is
it's a super small town, extremely simple life. Like everyone has their farm. They go to the pub
to PM everyone knows each other. Yeah, there's no decisions to make in life. Like you know your job,
you know your role. Everyone's like really happy and it feels like it seems like an amazing peaceful
life. And there's these two guys. One's an older one, one's like more our age. And they were friends,
they would hang out every single day. And randomly one day, the one friend was like,
I don't want to be friends with you anymore. Don't talk to me ever again.
And they're trying to understand like what the hell is going on. And like he explains that
he has this extremely modern feeling that just is so out of place in this time, which is
this isn't the best use of my time. I have a limited amount of time left. How can I maximize
like, wow, what I spend my time on is talking like making small talk with you for hours.
Is that a good use of my time? No, he's like a violinist. He's like, I want to like,
I should be spending my time like creating great works of music and like you like hyper optimizing
like every single day. And it's so crazy out of place in this society where like the question of
like, what are you supposed to be doing with your time does not even enter people's minds.
And he like is he's like, you can tell this guy's depressed because it's entered his mind.
And he came up the stuff. And the other guys are obviously very upset. And it's like this
brilliant like exploration of this concept. And it's like so relevant to it's a comedy,
like it's it's pretty funny. Yeah, it just makes you think about how much,
yeah, maybe it's like our circles, the, the higher achiever types.
I mean, just everyone has so much choice in every single thing in their life. And like,
just contrast it with all these people that just seem so happy despite having no freedom,
it makes you like think about, yeah, we can talk about it more another time. But like Liz
found this philosopher that like this is his whole thing. And she was explaining this to me
after we watched the movie where he like talks about how there's so much depression and anxiety.
Even when we do things that are traditional, we like turn it into this like stupid way of
looking at it. Like we're always like self improving or like, you know, working ourselves or like
anything we do is an act of like optimizing ourselves. Yep. Yep. Even when we're trying to
like mimic the times of old, like with community and with, yeah. Yeah, exactly. It's always
for taking it all. And it's all just like for self improvement. Yeah. Yeah. And this guy,
this guy, this philosopher's like really against social media and he's not on it at all. And Liz
feels like it explains literally like she's actually had a lot of these thoughts herself.
And I feel like it feels like it like perfectly puts words to this. And this movie coincidentally
happened to kind of, I feel like it definitely it seemed to me like that was a theme. I don't
know if we were projecting that onto it. But like to me, like the joke was that this is just like
a super modern dude like this. Yeah, the traditional world. Yeah. Okay. So that is a topic for another
day because this is something case. And I think we've talked about it, but we talked about a lot,
like just modern struggles in terms of our very connected world. I really have to pee. And I want
to talk for longer because I have more I want to talk about, but we're gonna have to stay that
because I just have to really pee or really have to pee and come back. We want to keep going.
Could pee and come back. Do you want to keep going? Yeah. Okay. Just pause. Okay. I'll be right back.